Fix DITA warnings in Tuning Performance guide (#4863)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/con_pull-based-rex-transport-tuning.adoc

= Pull-based REX transport tuning

[role="_abstract"]

> You can adjust MQTT broker settings and client polling intervals to optimize pull-based remote execution performance for your environment's scale and network conditions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can adjust MQTT broker settings and client polling intervals to optimize pull-based remote execution performance for the scale and network conditions of your environment.
```

environment is not human -> I suggest to slightly rephrase it.
